  Using BeautifulSoup, I scraped ~17000 album reviews and grades given by Robert Christgau, the "Dean of American rock critics." Using this data, I tested two suspicions that I had about Christgau's reviews. Firstly, I believe Christgau has become progressively gentler with his album grading as he's been getting older. Secondly, because Christgau's reviews are so vernacularly complex and full of esoteric references, I believe that it is often impossible to guess how he felt about an album simply from the text of the review.

  To examine the first suspicion, I tested the null hypothesis that there is no significant trend in the average album grade over the ~60-year period he has been reviewing albums. I found a 0.68 (moderate to strong) correlation between album year and grade, supporting my suspicion that his grades have inflated over the years. I also ran a Tau test to measure the ordinal association between album year and grade. The resulting p-value was less than 0.05, so I rejected the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence interval. In other words, our data confirms our original suspicion that Christgau has gotten more lenient in his album grading over the years. However, we can only speculate as to the cause(s). See AgeAnalysis.ipynb for the related code and analysis.
    
  To examine the second suspicion, I trained AutoKeras' TextRegressor on a training set of Christgau's reviews to predict, on a validation set, the grade of an album simply from the text of the review. After generating predictions, I measured the R^2 of the predicted grades vs. the real grades and found no statistically significant positive relationship between the two. In other words, my original suspicion that it is extremely difficult to predict the letter grade of an album from the written review seems true. However, perhaps a reader more versed in American rock music history, or a more sophisticated NLP model, could do so. See SentimentAnalysis.ipynb for the related code and analysis.
